== README

	[HW1 - 9]
	
	Maker Faire Meetup at the new littleBits Store in NYC
	Tags: Eletronics, DIY (Do it yourself), Arduino, Makers, Open Hardware, DIY Technology
	
	FEATURED PANEL

	BETHANY KOBY 
	
	Bethany Koby is a mom, CEO, designer and educator interested in creating brands, businesses and experiences that help imaging a more positive and collaborative future. In 2012 she co-founded Technology Will Save Us.

	FRANCIS BITONTI

	Designer Francis Bitonti is ushering in a new manufacturing paradigm through his blend of computational design techniques and emerging manufacturing technologies.  Blurring the line between design and technology, Bitonti’s trademark process merges cutting edge digital design and manufacturing technologies, aimed to transform industrialized production systems.


#########################################################################################


	[HM3 - 4]
	
	ASSOCIATIONS AND RELATIONSHIPS
	
	MODELS
	
	Three basic models (and more important for a book collection app) were developed for this homework. They are User, Book and Author.
	The first, User, defines the necessary data that every user of the app should have. Hence, we have 4 fields: first name, last name, gender and email. First name, last name and email are important for the identification of the user and for them to be able to log into the app. Gender, on the other hand, I find important for statistical purposes, e.g., given a book, it would be interesting to see how many males and females like, dislike or have it.
	For the books, which are the "collected" objects in this app, it was necessary some particular attributes. Every book has a title, a number of pages - which depends on the edition of the book, but on this app I'll consider that different entries of the same book on the database indicates different editions - an ISBN (International Standard Book Number) and a genre - it could be part of many genres, but to simplify, I'll consider just one genre for each book.
	And finally, the Author model defines the attributes and structure for the writers of the books. Each author must have a first name, a last name, a gender and a country. These last two were mainly thought for statistical purposes.
	
	RELATIONSHIPS
	
	The central and more important relationship for this app, given the models mentioned above, is the one between users and books. It's natural to think that a user could have from none to many books. Therefore, the association is:
	
	User has_many :books
	Book belongs_to :user
	
	For the relationship between books and authors, it was necessary to make a decision. At first, the thought was that a book should have an author as attribute and this author should be embedded in the book model. However, the embedded associated usually defines that the embedded item is to the embedding document as the child is to the parent. Therefore, it seems more logical to define that books should be embedded in the author document. This way each author should have a list of the books they have written.
	
	Book is embedded_in :author
	Author embeds_many :books

#########################################################################################

	[HW3 - Correction]

	Models created in part 3 are updated as follows:

	User has_many books.
	Book has one author.
	Author: Belongs to boks.

#########################################################################################

	[Final Project]

	All mandatory features added.
	Two addictional features added.
		6. Users can add links to their github, personal site, linkedin, etc. in their profile.
		7. Make your app look nice using something like twitter bootstrap

== Final Project Pull Request
Ruby on Rails, Fall 2015